Meeting Minutes for DAD-CDM

This section contains meeting minutes from the DAD-CDM Project Governing Board.

Please direct any questions to the project directly at dad-cdm@lists.oasis-open-projects.org 
or to OASIS Staff at op-admin@oasis-open.org

Date: 14 May 2024

Present: Stephen Campbell (DISARM Foundation), E. Rosalie Li (InfoEpi Lab), Margot Fulde-Hardy (Red & Blue Consulting), Sam Blazek (Two Six Technologies), Yanis Naceur (VIGINUM), Mark Finlayson (FIU),

Regrets: Amruta Deshpande (Graphika), Carl Miller (Demos), Anil Bandhakavi (Logically), Samuel Hassine (Filigran), Milan Jovanovic (Debunk.org)

Guests: Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

Agenda:


•	Welcome / Recording
•	Select note taker
o	Stephen agreed to take notes
•	Process for electing co-chairs and rep on the PGB
o	Rosalie and Margot were nominated and have accepted the nomination for the co-chair positions. Mark Finlayson has accepted the position of representative to the PGB. 
•	Review Portal Kombat use case and challenges modeling this in OpenCTI (Yanis)
o	Yanis walked us through the modeling that VIGINUM has done of the Portal Kombat campaign and which STIX objects have been used. 
o	An example of the challenges is that currently they can describe and show findings using STIX and OpenCTI but not how they found what they found. 
o	Stephen pointed out that relations between STIX object types is currently restricted in OpenCTI and it is not possible to add new relations. In addition, there are only a handful of properties for thee relations.  
•	Breaking out work on gap analysis for 2016 US election and Portal Kombat use cases
o	Yanis agreed by the next meeting to extract a specific example from Portal Kombat of a relation that we could all attempt to model in our own way.  
o	Stephen presented a potential mapping of STIX objects to the components of Margot’s 2016 US election interference use case. The difficulty in defining and modeling narratives was raised by Mark. Stephen agreed to examine the potential use of the Intrusion Set SDO to model some of the components. 
•	Next meeting
o	TBD
